feature/120_pr_template (#127)
UAL-ODIS/ReQUIAM: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release-pull-request.md

---
name: Pull request - release
about: Provide specifics about a pull request for releases
title: 'PR - release: ____(provide a descriptive name)'
labels: release
assignees: ''

---
<!-- IMPORTANT: Please do not create a Pull Request without creating an issue first. -->

<!--Fields in **bold** are REQUIRED, fields in *italics* are OPTIONAL -->

**Description**
<!-- A clear and concise description of the updates contained in this release. We usually use a list. -->

Improvements include:
- A #issue
- B #issue
- C #issue

> - n  

Reviewer: Not sure what you're trying to do here. For releases, we want to auto close issues.

> <!-- A clear and concise description of the updates contained in this release. We usually use a list. -->
> 
> Improvements include:
> - A #issue
> - B #issue
> - C #issue
> - n  

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of the updates contained in this release. Example:  -->
<!-- Incorporates Travis CI feature #91, summary for script_run #99, and root portal handling #88 -->

- Fixes #
- Fixes #
- Fixes #
- Fixes #
```

*Screenshots or additional context*
<!-- Add any other context about the problem here and/or screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

**Bump version information**
Bump version: v0.xx.xx -> v0.xx.x

Bumped in:
- [ ] README.md, [installation instructions](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM#installation-instructions)
- [ ] [setup.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/setup.py)

> - [ ] [requiam/__init__.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/requiam/__init__.py)

Author: requiam/__init__.py should display as `requiam/__init__.py`
```suggestion
- [ ] [requiam/\_\_init\_\_.py](https://github.com/ualibraries/ReQUIAM/blob/master/requiam/__init__.py)
```
